Task: Add source code and deployment files for all challenges on session-01 (#44)
open-education-hub/web-security: web-basics-browser-security-model/activities/surprise/README.md

Reviewer: In `solution.sh`: Should we delete the line `echo $url`?

# Name

Web: Web basics and browser security model: Surprise

## Description

Get the flag from [surprise](http://141.85.224.157:8093/surprise/).
Try to modify an existing resource at this location.

Score: 50

## Vulnerability

> The flag is displayed only if the `PUT` method is called with contenty-type `application/json` and a JSON body with the `name` key for the exposed route.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The flag is displayed only if the `PUT` method is called with content-type `application/json` and a JSON body with the `name` key for the exposed route.
```

# Name: Surprise

Description

> -----------

Reviewer: Please update the headers with the right format

Get the flag from [b]http://141.85.224.157:8093/surprise[/b]. Try to modify an existing resource at this location.

Score: 50

Vulnerability
-------------

> The flag is displayed only if the PUT method is called with contenty-type `application/json` and a name in body for the exposed route.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The flag is displayed only if the PUT method is called with `Content-Type` header `application/json` and a JSON body with the `name` key for the exposed route.
```
